docs: Update docs (#1236)
bpfman/bpfman: docs/getting-started/running-rpm.md

sudo dnf copr enable @ebpf-sig/bpfman-next
```

!!! Note
    If both the bpfman and bpfman-next copr repos are enabled DNF will

>     automatically pull from bpfman-next.  To disable one or the other simply run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    automatically pull from bpfman-next.  Either repo can be disabled. To disable bpfman-next, for example, run
```
